Here, $t$ and $c^{\prime}$ are the indexes of features in the temporal dimension and channel dimension respectively. $\boldsymbol{F}_{t, c^{\prime}}^1, \in \mathbb{R}^V$ is the feature vector, and $\boldsymbol{A}_{t, c^{\prime}} \in \mathbb{R}^V$ is the attention vector. Since reshaping was not performed in the previous modeling process, $\boldsymbol{F}$ and $\boldsymbol{A}$ are perfectly aligned in both the channel dimension and temporal dimension. Each topology vector is able to find the corresponding attention vector. Then we can adopt the attention vector to aggregate the feature vector pointto-point.
$$
\boldsymbol{F}_{t, c^{\prime}}^p=\boldsymbol{F}_{t, c^{\prime}}^1 \odot \boldsymbol{A}_{t, c^{\prime}},
$$
where, $\boldsymbol{F}_{t, c^{\prime}}^p \in \mathbb{R}^V$ is the topology feature after aggregation. Since the attention $\boldsymbol{A}_{t, c^{\prime}}$ is generated from the input feature, which will change dynamically depending on different inputs. This gating unit, which is denoted as element-wise multiplication, allows the network to select features of interest based on the generated attention map. In this way, our STGU can adaptively select the discriminative features and ignore noisy responses automatically. Then we reshape the set of feature vectors after sample-specific aggregation into the topology feature.
$$
\left\{\boldsymbol{F}_{1,1}^p, \cdots, \boldsymbol{F}_{t, c^{\prime}}^p, \cdots, \boldsymbol{F}_{T, C^{\prime}}^p\right\}=\boldsymbol{F}^p,
$$

Here, $\boldsymbol{F}^p \in \mathbb{R}^{V \times T \times C^{\prime}}$ is the feature after sample-specific aggregation. This aggregation is capable of capturing complex spatial interactions across joints. In $\boldsymbol{F}^p$, each vector $\boldsymbol{F}_{t, c^{\prime}}^p$ is obtained by activating $\boldsymbol{F}_{t, c^{\prime}}^1$ and $\boldsymbol{A}_{t, c^{\prime}}$ at the corresponding positions. And these corresponding positions denote the same temporal and channel indexes. Thus, our samplespecific aggregation is point-wise aggregation. In this way, we successfully model the temporal-wise attention dynamically while retaining the channel-wise topology attention. Moreover, the entire point-wise aggregation can be computed in parallel without much computational overhead.